README.md, before:

# awesome-hathor

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5041650/139364058-45dd0c0a-8067-4ec8-bdca-7574cf08ae62.png" width="400" />

A curated list of useful [Hathor Network](https://hathor.network/) related resources

[Hathor Network](https://hathor.network/) is a scalable and easy-to-use blockchain for digital assets

## Contents <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Applications](#applications)
  - [Finance](#finance)
  - [NFTs](#nfts)
  - [DeFi](#defi)
  - [Others](#others)
- [Explorers](#explorers)
- [Development Tools](#development-tools)
  - [SDKs](#sdks)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Infrastructure](#infrastructure)
  - [Games](#games)
  - [Utils](#utils)
- [Wallets](#wallets)
- [Exchanges](#exchanges)

## Documentation

- [Whitepaper](https://s3.amazonaws.com/hathor-public-files/hathor-white-paper.pdf) - [Official] Hathor Network whitepaper
- [Hathor Docs](https://docs.hathor.network/) - [Official] The official technical documentation of Hathor
- [Hathor Core Docs](https://core-api.docs.hathor.network/) - [Official] Docs for the Hathor Core api
- [Wallet Headless Docs](https://wallet-headless.docs.hathor.network/) - [Official] Docs for the Wallet Headless api
- [RFCs](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/rfcs) - [Official] Github Repo where RFCs are stored

## Applications

Applications powered by Hathor or supporting Hathor in any way

### Finance

- [Tokenizadora](https://tokenizadora.com.br/) - [Community] Brazilian asset tokenization platform

### NFTs

- [9block](https://9block.com.br/) - [Community] Brazilian NFT Platform
- [NileSwap](https://nileswap.com/) - [Community] NFT Marketplace

### DeFi

- [Dozer Finance](https://dozer.finance/) - [Community] DeFi platform with swap and liquidity pool
- [Kelb Swap](https://kelbswap.com/) - [Community] Swapping tool

### Others

- [Thoth.id](https://thoth.id/) - [Community] Namesystem for wallet addresses and digital identity management
- [RWA.io](https://www.rwa.io/) -[Community] Real-world asset tokenization hub that includes info about tokens from Hathor Network

## Explorers

- [Hathor Explorer](https://explorer.hathor.network/) - [Official] Block explorer by Hathor Labs
- [Kelb](https://kelbcoin.com/) - [Community] An explorer that finds newest tokens and aggregates info about trading in Hathor Swap

## Development Tools

### SDKs

- [Wallet Lib](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet-lib) - [Official] Javascript lib to create wallets
- [Hathorlib](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/python-hathorlib) - [Official] Hathor lib in Python
- [Hathor SDK](https://github.com/Tall1n/hathor-sdk) - [Community] Python sdk for interaction with the hathor blockchain
- [Hathor.Client](https://github.com/michielpost/Hathor.Client) - [Community] C# client for hathor-wallet-headless API

### Testing

- [Hathor Testnet Faucet](https://faucet.testnet.hathor.network/) - [Official] Get some free Hathor in our Testnet to try out the network

### Infrastructure

- [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/u/hathornetwork) - [Official] Official Docker Hub page

### Games

- [UnityHathor](https://github.com/mbnunes/UnityHathor) - [Community] Integrate Hathor into your Unity 3D games
- [Hathor-UO](https://github.com/mbnunes/hathor-uo) - [Community] Integrate Hathor into your Ultima Online games
- [godothathorplugin](https://github.com/mbnunes/godothathorplugin) - [Community] Integrate Hathor into Godot Engine games

### Utils

- [Merkle Tree Tools](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/merkle-tree-tools) - [Official] Record the fingerprint of one or more files on the blockchain using merkle trees and verify that a file has not been modified through its merkle path.

## Wallets

- [Hathor Wallet Headless](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet-headless) - [Official] Wallet that runs as a HTTP server, for integration purposes
- [Hathor Desktop Wallet](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet) - [Official] Desktop Wallet
- [Hathor Wallet Mobile](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet-mobile) - [Official] Mobile Wallet

## Exchanges

Disclaimer: The list of crypto exchanges provided herein that trade Hathor (HTR) is for informational purposes only and does not imply any endorsement, affiliation, or partnership with these exchanges. I do not have any affiliation with the mentioned exchanges and cannot guarantee the accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Users are advised to conduct their own research and exercise caution when trading cryptocurrencies.

- [Kucoin](https://www.kucoin.com/trade/HTR-USDT) - Kucoin exchange
- [Bitrue](https://www.bitrue.com/trade/htr_usdt) - Bitrue exchange
- [Foxbit](https://app.foxbit.com.br/terminal/htrbrl) - Foxbit exchange
- [Gate.io](https://www.gate.io/trade/HTR_USDT) - Gate.io exchange
- [Coinex](https://www.coinex.com/en/exchange/htr-usdt) - Coinex exchange
- [AscendEX](https://ascendex.com/en/cashtrade-spottrading/usdt/htr) - AscendEX exchange
- [Coinmetro](https://coinmetro.com/price/htr) - Coinmetro exchange
- [Coinspot](https://www.coinspot.com.au/buy/htr) - Coinspot exchange
- [RocketX](https://www.rocketx.exchange/) - RockerX exchange aggregator
- [Exolix](https://exolix.com/) - No-registration swap service

Commit message:

Add Hathor Playground for developing Nano Contracts
Added Hathor Playground under Nano Contracts section.

README.md, after:

# awesome-hathor

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5041650/139364058-45dd0c0a-8067-4ec8-bdca-7574cf08ae62.png" width="400" />

A curated list of useful [Hathor Network](https://hathor.network/) related resources

[Hathor Network](https://hathor.network/) is a scalable and easy-to-use blockchain for digital assets

## Contents <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Applications](#applications)
  - [Finance](#finance)
  - [NFTs](#nfts)
  - [DeFi](#defi)
  - [Others](#others)
- [Explorers](#explorers)
- [Development Tools](#development-tools)
  - [SDKs](#sdks)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Infrastructure](#infrastructure)
  - [Games](#games)
  - [Utils](#utils)
- [Wallets](#wallets)
- [Exchanges](#exchanges)

## Documentation

- [Whitepaper](https://s3.amazonaws.com/hathor-public-files/hathor-white-paper.pdf) - [Official] Hathor Network whitepaper
- [Hathor Docs](https://docs.hathor.network/) - [Official] The official technical documentation of Hathor
- [Hathor Core Docs](https://core-api.docs.hathor.network/) - [Official] Docs for the Hathor Core api
- [Wallet Headless Docs](https://wallet-headless.docs.hathor.network/) - [Official] Docs for the Wallet Headless api
- [RFCs](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/rfcs) - [Official] Github Repo where RFCs are stored

## Applications

Applications powered by Hathor or supporting Hathor in any way

### Finance

- [Tokenizadora](https://tokenizadora.com.br/) - [Community] Brazilian asset tokenization platform

### NFTs

- [9block](https://9block.com.br/) - [Community] Brazilian NFT Platform
- [NileSwap](https://nileswap.com/) - [Community] NFT Marketplace

### DeFi

- [Dozer Finance](https://dozer.finance/) - [Community] DeFi platform with swap and liquidity pool
- [Kelb Swap](https://kelbswap.com/) - [Community] Swapping tool

### Others

- [Thoth.id](https://thoth.id/) - [Community] Namesystem for wallet addresses and digital identity management
- [RWA.io](https://www.rwa.io/) -[Community] Real-world asset tokenization hub that includes info about tokens from Hathor Network

## Explorers

- [Hathor Explorer](https://explorer.hathor.network/) - [Official] Block explorer by Hathor Labs
- [Kelb](https://kelbcoin.com/) - [Community] An explorer that finds newest tokens and aggregates info about trading in Hathor Swap

## Development Tools

### Nano Contracts

- [Hathor Playground](https://playground.hathor.dev) - Develop and test Nano Contracts online with an AI assistant

### SDKs

- [Wallet Lib](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet-lib) - [Official] Javascript lib to create wallets
- [Hathorlib](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/python-hathorlib) - [Official] Hathor lib in Python
- [Hathor SDK](https://github.com/Tall1n/hathor-sdk) - [Community] Python sdk for interaction with the hathor blockchain
- [Hathor.Client](https://github.com/michielpost/Hathor.Client) - [Community] C# client for hathor-wallet-headless API

### Testing

- [Hathor Testnet Faucet](https://faucet.testnet.hathor.network/) - [Official] Get some free Hathor in our Testnet to try out the network

### Infrastructure

- [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/u/hathornetwork) - [Official] Official Docker Hub page

### Games

- [UnityHathor](https://github.com/mbnunes/UnityHathor) - [Community] Integrate Hathor into your Unity 3D games
- [Hathor-UO](https://github.com/mbnunes/hathor-uo) - [Community] Integrate Hathor into your Ultima Online games
- [godothathorplugin](https://github.com/mbnunes/godothathorplugin) - [Community] Integrate Hathor into Godot Engine games

### Utils

- [Merkle Tree Tools](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/merkle-tree-tools) - [Official] Record the fingerprint of one or more files on the blockchain using merkle trees and verify that a file has not been modified through its merkle path.

## Wallets

- [Hathor Wallet Headless](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet-headless) - [Official] Wallet that runs as a HTTP server, for integration purposes
- [Hathor Desktop Wallet](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet) - [Official] Desktop Wallet
- [Hathor Wallet Mobile](https://github.com/HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet-mobile) - [Official] Mobile Wallet

## Exchanges

Disclaimer: The list of crypto exchanges provided herein that trade Hathor (HTR) is for informational purposes only and does not imply any endorsement, affiliation, or partnership with these exchanges. I do not have any affiliation with the mentioned exchanges and cannot guarantee the accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Users are advised to conduct their own research and exercise caution when trading cryptocurrencies.

- [Kucoin](https://www.kucoin.com/trade/HTR-USDT) - Kucoin exchange
- [Bitrue](https://www.bitrue.com/trade/htr_usdt) - Bitrue exchange
- [Foxbit](https://app.foxbit.com.br/terminal/htrbrl) - Foxbit exchange
- [Gate.io](https://www.gate.io/trade/HTR_USDT) - Gate.io exchange
- [Coinex](https://www.coinex.com/en/exchange/htr-usdt) - Coinex exchange
- [AscendEX](https://ascendex.com/en/cashtrade-spottrading/usdt/htr) - AscendEX exchange
- [Coinmetro](https://coinmetro.com/price/htr) - Coinmetro exchange
- [Coinspot](https://www.coinspot.com.au/buy/htr) - Coinspot exchange
- [RocketX](https://www.rocketx.exchange/) - RockerX exchange aggregator
- [Exolix](https://exolix.com/) - No-registration swap service
